docs: clarify cluster-proxy installation for non-kind clusters (#436)
open-cluster-management-io/open-cluster-management-io.github.io: content/en/docs/getting-started/integration/cluster-proxy.md

```shell
$ helm install -n open-cluster-management-addon --create-namespace \
    cluster-proxy ocm/cluster-proxy
```

> **Note:**, if you're using a non-kind cluster, for example, an openshift cluster, you need to set the value of `proxyServer.entrypointAddress` in the managedproxyconfiguration to the address of the proxy server.

Reviewer: Please re-flow this line to follow the line wrapping in the rest of the document.

> **Note:**, if you're using a non-kind cluster, for example, an openshift cluster, you need to set the value of `proxyServer.entrypointAddress` in the managedproxyconfiguration to the address of the proxy server.

Reviewer: Capitalize "Kind" and "Openshift". Also has a minor wording suggestion.
```suggestion
**Note:** If you're using a non-Kind cluster, for example, an Openshift cluster, you need to configure the `ManagedProxyConfiguration` by setting `proxyServer.entrypointAddress` in the `values.yaml`  to the address of the proxy server. To do this at install time, you can run the following command:
```

```shell
$ helm install -n open-cluster-management-addon --create-namespace \
    cluster-proxy ocm/cluster-proxy \
    --set "proxyServer.entrypointAddress=<address of the proxy server>"
```

> After the installation, you can check the deployment status of the cluster-proxy addon by running the following command:

Reviewer: Please re-flow this line to follow the line wrapping in the rest of the document.

```shell
$ helm install -n open-cluster-management-addon --create-namespace \
    cluster-proxy ocm/cluster-proxy
```

**Note:** If you're using a non-Kind cluster, for example, an Openshift cluster,
you need to configure the `ManagedProxyConfiguration` by setting `proxyServer.entrypointAddress`

> in the `values.yaml`  to the address of the proxy server.

Reviewer: Extra space here
```suggestion
in the `values.yaml` to the address of the proxy server.
```

Author: Fixed.
